Colors

There are three different ways to describe

Named colors — English words that describe colors, also called keyword colors

RGB — numeric values that describe a mix of red, green, and blue

HSL — numeric values that describe a mix of hue, saturation, and lightness

Foreground: Foreground color is the color that an element appears in. 
For example, when a heading is styled to appear green, the foreground color of the heading has been styled.

Background: Conversely, when a heading is styled so that its background appears yellow, the background color of the heading has been styled

color - this property styles an element's foreground color.

background-color - this property styles an element's background color.

Hexadecimal
One syntax that we can use to specify colors is called hexadecimal. Colors specified using this system are called hex colors. 
A hex color begins with a hash character (#) which is followed by three or six characters. 
The characters represent values for red, blue and green.

This has all of the hexas: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value

Hue, Saturation and Lightness

color: hsl(120, 60%, 70%);

Hue is the first number. It refers to an angle on a color wheel. Red is 0 degrees, Green is 120 degrees, 
Blue is 240 degrees, and then back to Red at 360. You can see an example of this color wheel here.

Saturation refers to the intensity or purity of the color. If you imagine a line segment drawn from the center 
of the color wheel to the perimeter, 
the saturation is a point on that line segment.

Lightness refers to how light or dark the color is. Halfway, or 50%, is normal lightness. 
Imagine a sliding dimmer on a light switch that starts halfway. 



REVIEWWWW

There are four ways to represent color in CSS:

Named colors — there are 147 named colors, which you can review here.

Hexadecimal or hex colors

Hexadecimal is a number system with has sixteen digits, 0 to 9 followed by "A" to "F".

Hex values always begin with # and specify values of red, blue and green using hexademical numbers such as #23F41A.

RGB

RGB colors use the rgb() syntax with one value for red, one value for blue and one value for green.

RGB values range from 0 to 255 and look like this: rgb(7, 210, 50).

HSL

HSL stands for hue (the color itself), saturation (the intensity of the color), and lightness (how light or dark a color is).

Hue ranges from 0 to 360 and saturation and lightness are both represented as percentages like this: hsl(200, 20%, 50%).

You can add opacity to color in RGB and HSL by adding a fourth value, a, which is represented as a percentage.
