Visual Rules Section of CSS

To align text we can use the text-align property. 
The text-align property will align text to the element that holds it, otherwise known as its parent.

The text-align property can be set to one of the following three values:

left — aligns text to the left hand side of its parent element, which in this case is the browser.
center — centers text inside of its parent element.
right — aligns text to the right hand side of its parent element.

Foreground color is the color that an element appears in. 
For example, when a heading is styled to appear green, the foreground color of the heading has been styled.

Conversely, when a heading is styled so that its background appears yellow, the background color of the heading has been styled.

color: this property styles an element's foreground color

background-color: this property styles an element's background color

h1 {
  color: red;
  background-color: blue;
}

Opacity is the measure of how transparent an element is. 
It's measured from 0 to 1, with 1 representing 100%, or fully visible and opaque, and 0 representing 0%, or fully invisible.

Opacity can be used to make elements fade into others for a nice overlay effect. 
To adjust the opacity of an element, the syntax looks like this:

.overlay {
  opacity: 0.5;
}

CSS has the ability to change the background of an element. One option is to make the background of an element an image. 
This is done through the CSS property background-image. Its syntax looks like this:

.main-banner {
  background-image: url("https://www.example.com/image.jpg");
}

Reviewwwwww

CSS declarations are structured into property and value pairs.

The font-family property defines the typeface of an element.

font-size controls the size of text displayed.

font-weight defines how thin or thick text is displayed.

The text-align property places text in the left, right, or center of its parent container.

Text can have two different color attributes: color and background-color. 
color defines the color of the text, while background-color defines the color behind the text.

CSS can make an element transparent with the opacity property.

CSS can also set the background of an element to an image with the background-image property.
